This is a head-gama original.
Music
Up cover episode
Monday morning
Quarterbacking
What did you guys realize in hindsight you could have done better this past weekend?
Let's start with the mirror.
How is this a good intro for a podcast?
What's that?
Monday morning quarterbacking.
It's our first sentence.
What does that mean?
It's like we're in a night life, obviously.
So they know the game went a certain way.
The jocks didn't rock it.
But they lost.
And so much reduced the guests on the podcast.
Fine.
Returning to the show after a month's long hiatus.
Grayson K.
Wise.
And then there's Brad.
Okay.
Sorry.
Please welcome.
Please head-gama podcast debut as Brad Hill.
Namaste, Brad.
Do you want to tell everybody what you do at the company or not?
Yes.
Namaste.
Or not.
I am an account manager on the sales team.
But what does that mean?
Like a lot of people don't work in business.
I procure ad campaign renewals.
And Molly.
Forcoming.
I'm the plug.
Yes.
And plug.
She.
That's cool.
What's your ad, what's like an ad that you booked recently that you're excited about?
Or not.
Uh, I mean diet diet.
I mean diet smoke.
This is what I'm working on.
My foster cat just got on my lap.
Oh my god.
This is the cat that you're not keeping though.
I cannot.
Why not?
First off, buddy.
No.
It's she's 12 and Rickety.
I can't get attached.
You're going to kick an old cat out.
My therapist jokes that I was running a cat hospice.
So, what do you think about that?
I want to see lift that cat.
Oh, wow.
Oh, yeah.
I'm gonna read that.
Oh, come on out.
Oh.
So many instruments.
So for Venus in or otherwise, Brad, I know you're talking about, man.
I mean, you know what I'm talking about.
The play.
We uphold Von, what's his name?
Massac.
Yeah, Massac, because that's where Massicism comes from.
Anyway, I haven't cracked anything that's been going on since this started.
I didn't know that was going to be a quarter back.
Yeah.
That was the first thing.
No, like, was there anything you could have done better this weekend that you're
realizing now in hindsight?
2020.
Hmm.
Um.
What did I do doing my hair too late on the weekend when I've started earlier?
Somebody French braided my hair a week ago to the day.
What's that?
I said, mm-hmm.
Uh, would love to get your thoughts.
Here it is.
Great photo.
Oh, it's like a good French braid.
Um.
I can't see what it looks like when you're facing forward, obviously, so, um, but I have a photo
of that.
Yeah.
Can we see that?
Frontal.
That would be great.
There are 360 video.
Oh.
It's good.
I think.
Okay.
Yeah.
Spat makes it.
Um, Grayson, anything you could have done better this weekend?
Um, I asked a girl on a date and she said no.
Why?
I, you know what?
Let's get her on.
Can I send it?
How could anybody say no to you?
Listen, you and I are on the same page.
Just shocking.
So that happened.
I could have done, I guess I could have done that better.
You know, well, yeah.
How do you know?
I'm starting to worry.
With a carrier pigeon.
How else would I do it?
Yes, no, you don't send an animal.
You never send a bird.
No, you said, of course, you send a bird.
I would, I would never send a mammal, but a bird.
Can you focus?
I'm trying.
She loves to be on my lap.
And I can't do it today, Brad.
Right?
I thought she was rickety.
She's pretty erotic, actually.
No, here she comes.
Yeah, there she is.
All right.
This is not good for audio.
She doesn't understand like the ins and outs of fucking oral.
I can't hear her.
That's fine.
Brad, did you, did you ask your wife out on a date?
And she said yes or no?
Uh, I mean, no, but I did bury my turtle in my front yard.
It's been fostering a turtle.
There's no way to have done that better.
There's been fostered a turtle.
You got foster reptiles, I would say.
He, let's see, a month ago, wandered into the yard.
And I was feeding him lettuce, strawberries.
Let us.
I'm sorry to even ask.
Try this and lettuce.
Um, and he died on Friday.
And it was a shallow grave, so I could have known that better, I guess.
Actually, genuinely incredible timing on that.
Yeah.
You could have dug a deeper grave for a day.
Is he like sticking out of the top?
Are you kidding me, man?
Don't you get what's happening?
Not really something is happening.
She doesn't care.
She doesn't like turtles.
Oh, my God.
She brought us like the most important thing, dude.
This was easy.
Please, exactly.
That was a cat.
That was not me or the cat.
I found my own soundboard here.
These are all knockoffs of the same sound.
Yep.
How far did that switch?
Disgusting voice.
This morning.
A singer.
Oh, I knew Maria could hate that.
Down.
Um, we have to keep moving on.
Are you kidding me?
All right.
Jesus.
Um, I'm thrown by this.
Let's keep it going with everybody's bond of the week.
Um, Grayson, I'm not sure if you know.
But basically every week until the next James Bond is cast,
we're going to be lobbying up our picks for the next 007.
Yeah.
I've done this before and I'm prepared.
He, he edits video buzz.
Every week.
Um, this week my pick is Shawn Michaels.
Imagine James, like doing sweet chin music on a fool.
Who is Shawn Michaels?
He's like a former WWF wrestler.
Rassler really.
Yeah.
Okay.
I feel like a godfather real in right now.
So pro.
Yeah.
One of those things is you could avoid it.
Which was the row of obviously.
And was the cash.
Yeah.
No, no, no, no.
You could avoid it.
The cat.
If she could just sit on my lap and relax.
I could fucking get on with this.
At least I now I have an excuse for why this episode is going to be horseshit.
Um,
It's a good attitude.
I'm going to go.
Lewis Hamilton for a meal and driver.
That would be really fun.
A steep career change.
It just James Bond do a lot of car chases in the movies.
Yeah.
Okay.
Sometimes that he would certainly be ready for that.
Oh, no.
And he's also James usually running from someone.
And so is Lewis.
He has a lot of demons.
No, he's just always in front and like just, you know,
Well, hey, more.
No, this season.
That's for James.
Brad, bond of the week.
Uh, it's.
Kermit the frog.
I would love that.
Yes.
Muppet Christmas Carol style adaptation style.
Michael Kane.
As.
He's not in James.
Screwed.
But so it's not just, it's just a Christmas girl.
Yeah.
That was James Bond.
Let's hear your best.
The name is James James Bond in a Kermit voice.
James Bond.
You fucked it up.
Even with the voice being fine.
The voice was perfect.
But the line was.
Yeah.
I've never seen a James Bond movie.
Major killer.
Never bite off more than you can chew.
Have the foresight to know what to do.
Well, you had either to ask him on the spot.
So.
Well, he, I mean, he knows that this bond of the week.
All right.
It's sort of a cultural touched on their company.
Totally.
Union square ventures.
You don't make cultural touched.
I was going to be nice and say you kind of do.
But never mind.
Union square ventures made a present.
This is going to make you no sense to the audio listen.
Jeff's foster cat is fully the only thing in the frame.
It's just for.
I don't know.
A little scamp.
She.
I admire.
No.
Okay.
Jesus Christ.
Grayson Bond of the week.
Covalent.
Who nice.
Covalent bonds.
I'll give you that one.
That was next segment.
Yeah.
Brad, let's talk about dating in Portland.
My god.
Okay.
I'll give you that one.
That was next segment.
Yeah.
Brad, let's talk about dating in Portland.
Okay.
Been married for six years.
But all right.
What are like the spots?
Like where do you take bay?
Some time coffee for like the morning.
A little breakfast sandwich.
More of a heart coffee.
Type a guy.
Really.
Yeah.
What about.
What was that one?
What's that?
Pips.
Is that a coffee shop or a restaurant?
Donut.
Place.
Ooh.
On free month.
Hmm.
Chai.
Oh, where?
Where on free month?
Uh, near there.
One of the Starbucks is.
I know that you see the show isn't good, but this is really bad.
All right.
I guess that's dating in Portland.
Let's have a moment of silence.
Seven moment of silence for Terry Melcher.
Ooh.
Terry Melcher.
Don't just say it louder.
He was a producer.
He created the California sound.
And.
Okay.
He died in 2004.
And nobody's fucking talking about it.
Sorry.
Are we, are we taking a moment?
Oh, but silence, man.
Okay.
You never interrupt.
That's not your time to shine.
All right.
By the way, wise.
So how long is it?
Marie.
God.
Kidding me.
I just wanted to know how long the moment of silence needs to be.
We feel it out.
If it's long, like, get up and maybe get some water or something.
You know, Marie get a moment of silence is not your time to shine, by the way.
It's not me shining.
Let's just.
Me multitasking.
I thought you were shining.
Thank you.
A moment of silence for Terry Melcher.
That was easy.
Full steam ahead, obviously.
I saw a New York Times headline today that said,
My marriage.
My marriage has a third wheel.
Our child.
Let's talk about it.
Do you guys want to have kids?
And if so, how many would you have?
And if you have one, how do you make sure that that kid isn't, like, a fucking drag?
That's a real wheel.
Well.
Is anyone on the pod right now, a, an only child?
Um, kind of, or I have, like, half siblings that I didn't really grow up with.
Okay.
So, do you consider yourself an only child?
And she is looking at me to get back on my knee.
Uh, do you consider yourself an only child?
Um.
I think yes, just given, like,
I was the only one living in the house with my parents, so for that reason.
Did you feel like a third wheel at times?
Uh.
I guess.
So, I feel like if, I don't know, I remember I specifically remember I never watched the Lord of the Rings movies because my parents wouldn't let me.
And they watched them by themselves.
And I remember not being allowed to.
So, wow.
That.
And you were, you were, like, 16 at that point, right?
Yeah.
This was last month.
Uh.
No, I don't think I ever felt like a third wheel.
Okay.
Because this is what, um, Sylvie's parents said.
Here's a typical weeknight scenario in our household.
My husband, Tom, our nine-year-old daughter, Sylvie, and I feel like ordering in.
And after a lengthy debate, we decide on pizza.
Later, while the three of us are eating pepperoni slices and playing banana grams,
Sylvie reminds Tom that our wedding anniversary is coming up.
And offhandedly mentions that my favorite flowers are pionies.
After a few rounds of the game, we consider a movie.
Sylvie proposes a scape from New York, a film that has peaked her curiosity
after hearing her father repeatedly imitate Kurt Russell as Snake Plysskin.
I'll look it up on Common Sense Media to see if it's appropriate.
She volunteers, opening my computer.
Unfortunately, she reports gravely.
It's for ages 16 and up.
Except for a severed head, Sylvie reads aloud.
There's little explicit gore.
An atmosphere of cynicism and darkness pervades, including a negative depiction of a US president.
So, in that scenario, Brad, what would you do with your boo?
Is 16 and up, can she handle it?
Do you know if we had a nine-year-old who wanted to watch games of New York specifically,
but learned that it wasn't major-appropriate?
Yes.
I can't tell where you're from.
You can't tell where you should be.
The question that he asked is basically, can your wife watch a scape from New York?
I'll tell you phrase the question.
We've never seen it and we don't want kids.
Wow.
So, you sort of made a mockery of this entire prompt.
Yes, it's the Hild showed today.
Let's hear another one of your sounds.
Hold on.
I guess also don't ask me, because I don't want kids.
That's what she said.
Oh, great.
Do you want, for lack of a better term, rugrats?
I would love rugrats, but only if they were specifically the actual rugrats.
So you want animated characters as your kid?
Yeah.
Absolutely.
That's a Tommy Pickles.
That's not a rug rat.
The other ones.
It is a rug rat.
It's a main one.
I know.
But what if...
We do have to take a quick break, mostly because of ads.
Oh, yeah.
And now a word from our sponsor.
Better health.
Guys, you ever feel burnt out?
I know I do.
I probably look at right now.
You know, whether it's work related or, you know, friend or family related.
Maybe you're not taking enough time for yourself.
Maybe you just feel burnt out in general and you don't know why.
And that's because life can be overwhelming.
And many people are burnt out without even knowing it.
Symptoms can include lack of motivation, irritability, fatigue, and more.
And we associate burnout with work, but that's not the only cause.
Any of our roles in life can lead us to feeling burnt out.
And that's where better health comes in.
Better health online therapy wants to remind you to prioritize you.
They want to prioritize you, you, you.
By talking to somebody who can help figure out what's causing stress in your life.
I go to therapy every week.
It makes me a better person.
It makes me show up in my relationships with my friends.
Families, lovers, and more with a certain genus say,
Quah, a self-awareness about me.
I hope I like to think.
And I think everybody who has the means and the access should give it a shot.
Better health is customized online therapy.
That offers video, phone, and even live chat sessions with your therapist.
So you don't have to see anyone on camera if you don't want to.
It's also much more affordable than traditional in-person therapy.
And you can be matched with a therapist in under 48 hours.
Headgon podcast listeners, get 10% off their first month at betterhelp.com slash.
What's that?
That's better help.
H-E-L-P dot com slash.
What's that?
Thanks, better help.
Guys, why would you ever get life insurance?
Right?
Well, if someone relies on you financially, whether that's a child, a parent, or even a business
partner, life insurance gives you peace of mind that they actually have a financial
cushion if something happens to you.
Right?
And that's where policy genius comes in.
Policy genius is your one-stop shop to find the insurance you need at the right price.
Click the link in the description or head to policygenius.com slash.
What's that to get started?
In minutes, you can compare personalized quotes from top companies to find your lowest price.
You could save 50% or more on life insurance by comparing quotes with policy genius.
The licensed agents at policy genius are on hand through the entire process to help you
understand your options and make decisions with confidence.
The policy genius team works for you.
All right?
Not the insurance companies.
Policy genius doesn't add on any extra fees.
They don't sell your info to third parties and they have thousands of five star reviews across
Google and trust pilot.
So trust me, a pilot.
No, I can't fly a plane, but you should head to policygenius.com slash.
What's that?
To get your free life insurance quotes and see how much you could save.
Again, head to policygenius.com slash.
What's that?
To get your free life insurance quotes and see how much you could save.
I think all turtles just carry salmonella.
I learned that.
I've learned a lot about turtles.
Um, reason.
And we're back.
Um, and to be saying using all turtles carries salmonella.
Yeah, I learned it that recently.
And that's what you want to bring to the show.
We weren't.
I didn't think we were on the show.
I was free.
It was asking me how I was dealing with the loss of.
Each ego, which was his name.
The turtle.
Each he wrote.
Turkey.
That's the next segment, man.
Oh, look at me.
No.
You know who's his outest one stranger.
Yes.
We booked a bus trigger.
Don't talk about this.
And we're definitely going to do it at all.
Great.
Absolutely.
And so what I thought we could do.
It was to our own stranger things.
This one being for copyright purposes.
Stranger thongs.
Oh, this is worse.
This is Stranger thongs.
So basically, we're going to look at some thongs.
And decide which is the strangest.
Here we go.
This is sort of a patch up.
My shaved box under here.
Versus.
Harvard law.
Just kidding.
It's Yale.
My shaved box.
I guess Harvard law is Stranger.
Slash better.
All right.
Harvard law just kidding.
It's Yale.
Versus.
Same penis forever.
I mean, that's there's so many things you can
insinuate from seeing that.
Right.
Who's who's penis?
Is this a bachelor at party thing?
That would be a good bachelor at party.
I think Harvard law is still the strangest.
Yeah.
You think that's still the strangest thongs?
Oh, my God.
There's no easier.
I tried four different ways how to do this.
Here we go.
Harvard law just kidding.
It's Yale versus I like Bush.
Which is vaguely chemical.
Which one is it?
Yeah.
That's the thing.
It's open to interpretation.
I feel like I would be most jarred if I saw this.
I'm like, Oh, do you?
Is that like a.
I don't know what to think.
I still don't think anything is weirder than Harvard law.
Yeah.
I think if this is Bush 41, then I think it is weirder than Harvard law.
But if it's Bush 43, then I do think that Harvard law is still weirder.
I, you can't tell based on like the font.
Is the Harvard law one officially licensed?
I don't know if I'm trying to like catch them in some kind of like copyright infringement,
trademark infringement.
But I think maybe don't worry about it.
Noted.
That was one of the weirdest sentences I've ever written on the show.
Alright, what's the consensus?
Three votes.
I'm voting for I like Bush.
And I hate that sentence coming out of my mouth.
I'm still Harvard law.
I think that's.
Yes, I'm.
Alright.
Sorry.
Harvard law just kidding it's Yale versus don't play with your food.
And by the way, this isn't.
This isn't like a low-res photo.
This is like 1080p by 1080p.
It's just blurry.
The sign is blurry.
Yeah.
Hmm.
I just feel like all of the other ones have some sort of insinuation.
In Uganda.
Yeah.
But the Harvard law one is like,
what does this have to do with anything?
Just kidding.
It's Yale.
What's Yale?
You're a time.
What are we even talking about?
You didn't catch me.
That's.
Hilled.
Why?
I can't break his red.
Yeah.
Alright.
Harvard law just kidding it's Yale versus.
Coffee.
Because I can count the number of hours I slept last night on one hand.
The other sounds weirder.
Yeah.
We finally did it.
Silver rose.
Why is the font so small?
Oh, that's a bit.
There's only a certain printable area on clothing.
Also, I feel, isn't like coffee a diuretic,
which just feels like a weird.
Why are you doing that?
Extra dehydrated.
Alright.
That one's weirder.
This one's weirder.
Yeah.
Coffee because I can count the number of hours I slept last night on one hand.
Versus.
I have a headache.
Did you make this one?
This is in one of my personal collection.
I still think I've been.
I choose this one.
I still think this one is two sexual.
I feel like it's very not sexual.
Well, I think there's like a stop stop.
I have a headache.
Right.
That's right.
But it's still like a, I feel like that's like a make sense.
Yeah.
Does it help that it's written in comic sands?
Oh, like a little bit.
Yeah.
I feel like this.
I mean, this could be sexual in UNDO.
It could be like, I'm aching for head.
Nice.
Next one.
Um, so what do we, what do we decide?
I personally stick all at the coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee.
Coffee.
The second count the number of hours I slept last night on one hand.
Versus.
The thing thong.
Foot slash swimwear.
I have one of those.
There's no way.
Oh, foot.
Okay.
I was really thrown off by what foot slash swimwear me.
And footwear slash swimwear.
Obviously, this one's weird.
That's what they said in the, the funding meeting.
I think it's important to disclose your business ties on the internet.
Uh, I do have a 30% stake in think thong.
So, uh, Brad Grayson.
Marica.
If you guys want any free product, just let me know.
Really?
I mean, I told you I already have one.
That's what I like to hear.
My one complaint, and this is something that like,
I feel like a lot of people with penis is talk about.
Not enough support.
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
Sorry.
Is that a complaint about the thing thong or is that a thing thong?
Penis is in general.
Solves.
It's the penis problem or.
It's a complaint I have about the thing thong.
What kind of flip flop is it on the other side?
Is it the thong style on the other side?
Or is it the slide style?
Glad you asked.
There's two styles.
Slide and other.
Meaning.
The other one is sort of like, yeah, like I guess like a thong.
Okay.
So thong.
Yeah.
It's a thong.
So you can basically sort of, do you guys remember with the baldo?
What?
Oh my god.
We got to talk about the baldo.
Here we go.
Sorry.
I should have brought this up at the beginning.
So I'm bare at spread.
Okay.
First of all.
Think thong.
This is weirder.
Shout out to the thing thong.
Um.
But now it's time to talk about the baldo.
Oh my god.
With three years of development and testing and over on the prototypes being made.
The baldo is now to refine to deliver maximum pleasure.
So sex will never be the same again.
Let's watch this quick instructional video.
No.
So it's the world's first baldo though.
Tip no wider than most penises, which for that is a selling point.
I feel like if you're going to have ball sex, you should probably have it be bigger.
So loud, right?
Sorry.
So I can't affect that.
You definitely can.
There's yeah.
There's a volume control.
So basically what you do is you slide your sack in between the two divots.
And yeah.
So they're trying to make 2021 the year of ball sex.
So that's the baldo.
Um, and then he did.
Did they succeed?
Instructional.
So you got it.
First of all.
And then you stretch the baldo over your balls.
Stretch the space rings and then insert into your partner.
So why did I bring this up?
Nobody asked you to.
Oh, I could have said I was busy today.
We have more to get to.
Another headline from today.
Elon Musk threatens to pull out of the Twitter deal.
Unless he gets more information about fake accounts.
And how Twitter, you know, monitors that cracks down on it.
And basically this letter that was sent to the, I believe the SEC said that Mr.
Musk had repeatedly requested more information about that.
Sorry, um, about how.
Yeah, a Twitter measure spam in fake accounts.
And he issued an ultimatum basically saying if he doesn't get this information, he's out.
Which I personally would love.
So I thought we could.
Here right now come up with a couple fake accounts.
To sabotage the deal.
sabotage the steel.
Because he's kind of getting this for pennies on the dollar in terms of what I think.
In terms of what I think Twitter's worth.
I thought that he had already backed out.
Did he back in again?
This, I mean, ball no style.
I don't even know if that makes sense.
What even back out?
And they said insert penetrate.
Brad, how do you fuck?
You don't have to answer that.
The ball though music starts.
Oh, let me shave my balls.
On an anniversary night.
Six years, huh?
What's the fucking secret man?
30, 30.
What's the secret to happy wife happy life?
Don't get divorced.
Okay.
Don't hate each other.
We got those going.
Do you guys like make time to still like date?
Hmm.
That's good.
Yeah.
No, you said.
No, I'm not sad.
I'm just thinking about shit.
You got kind of choked up reading the Elon Musk.
Maybe too.
Everything alright.
I was talking about your calling.
I was hoping if I, I'm a hot and ball nerd.
What about ball though dash?
So it's like pandemonium with ball does.
Really good.
You guys.
Mr. Musk is still part of the deal, Marika.
I don't know where you're news.
But he might pull out.
If they don't provide more information.
And I think the more fake accounts, the higher the chance he pulls out.
Ball though style.
That's what she said.
Why are there?
Oh, wow.
Ellie, you're 12.
You were born in 2010.
Okay.
Buddy, you gotta go.
I don't.
She can't take the hint because I've done that.
And she almost ended the meeting.
That's why this is unacceptable.
Fake accounts.
Yeah.
What is fake account?
I don't know.
Like, something run by a bot or not.
So like, what if Brad, you,
Well, I guess Grayson, you have more like tech wise wisdom.
What if you created it?
No, dude.
No.
What if you created an account?
That sort of.
Multiply.
In terms of spam tweets that aren't good to read.
That sentence was pointless.
I mean, with that clearly, the first one should be a Jeff quote, spam bot.
Uh, potentially just a dictionary that's created of anything Jeff has ever said.
And then sentences are pieced together.
And half of them will just read us any sentence.
He says he usually does and bad.
If we do that, and it works and musk pulls out.
I'm, I'm going to call every past lover.
STI style and say,
Who, you don't, then you said I wasn't like powerful.
Like the show, scroll to recall.
There's a show called Scrotal Recall.
It was, I changed it to love sick.
But the first season was called Scrotal Recall.
And I refuse to call it otherwise.
It's a great name.
Yeah.
Brad, do you have any ideas for fake accounts that could get?
Okay.
Now she's pawing at my dick.
I don't know how else to put it.
I just looked down and there was like, these are my ties.
You just see.
Well, I feel like most bots are like,
click here for like sexy photos, click here to see my online.
What if it's cats, pawing it?
I'm sorry to even say what cops.
Dex.
Click here to see my pussy.
You've been, you've been at the company the longest of the four of us.
I'm pretty sure.
And I know that there's been like a lot of new hires recently.
And a lot of that has included like group meetings.
Like zooms where everybody kind of gives them the,
Okay, yes, we want to work with this person.
Brad, did you do one of these?
Yeah.
I am the new hire.
I'm newest one.
I want to know who was on that call.
Because Rico was there.
Okay.
Marika.
Do you have any regrets?
Let's Monday or whatever.
That he just said after him saying pussy the most unsure.
I ever heard anyone say that.
No, I don't think so.
All right.
That's good.
That's got to be a vote of confidence.
Jeff, you might if I ask Brad a question.
Yeah.
Just for a second.
Great.
Brad, after joining this Zoom call, do you have any regrets?
You, definitely need to ask about HR stuff.
There isn't one.
Yeah.
I guess it's good that I said pussy then.
Not good.
Maybe not.
Good.
Yeah.
Make my call.
Um.
Any more fake accounts?
Because that's all I had today, guys.
I do.
You're so good.
Wax.
Um.
Grayson, what else is up in your level?
If you said that you asked a woman out on the date, she said no.
How is like, has your cock, has your heart?
Yeah.
Definitely all think of more fake accounts.
Can I ask a question about the date?
Did you have one planned?
Like, did you say it with, like, this is what it would be or now?
Uh, it's, I mean, it's so much more complicated than that.
Jeff knows how these things go.
Um.
Why?
Jeff?
I don't know if you're referencing something real in my life.
I don't think asking someone.
I just don't want to be.
I didn't like to be sort of singled out in that moment.
And I felt like I needed a friend to say, like, I understand what you're going through.
Um.
You're just absolutely.
I just needed some amount of support.
No, I don't get it at all.
Let's hear it.
Okay.
What about, what if there was a, you know, a Twitter account that, like, took things that were set on this podcast out of context?
You know, and sort of posted those.
You said that so like it was an original idea of actually impressed.
Thanks.
I just thought of it.
So, you're a good actor or you don't know about it.
You're either a good actor or very stupid.
That was easy.
What's new in your life, Jeff?
Aside from this count.
Uh, I don't know if anybody cares to hear about that.
She just asked.
Hmm.
Oh, no.
Well, I'm going on vacation.
So, that's exciting for me.
Where are you going?
To France and to Montreal.
The two most important places in the world.
How long am I gone?
Yeah.
Until the 20th.
So, catch you all day.
Do you think, do you think head gum will still be afloat by the time you come back?
I hope so.
Because if not, that would be terrible.
You take one, two week vacation and then they come.
I made an extensive out of office document.
Grace and will be posting in the podcast and my absence.
Not this one.
Well, absolutely not this one.
No, you'll have to.
Unfortunately.
I haven't missed anything like a month.
I'd like that to go on record.
But yes.
What do you mean hosting?
Oh, yeah, yeah.
No, but you don't post the video.
I post the video.
You definitely don't.
When you go.
He has a separate YouTube account.
I don't know where it goes, but I definitely posted.
Um, Brad Grayson, you guys are both handsome.
Brad, you're not single.
But are you looking to triangle?
Portland.
How did we get back here?
I have some experience.
I gave us a perfect opportunity to talk about something else.
AKA me.
What do you afford to on your trip?
You're going to the Montreal Grand Prix.
Going to, uh, Canadian Grand Prix.
And the 24 hours of the month.
Uh, also going to Disneyland Paris, which will be fun.
You're going to Paris, Brad.
Brad, and you're going to Disneyland.
Did you see that that video that went viral recently of the couple?
The guy is proposing to his girlfriend at Disneyland Paris.
And then one of the employees, like, comes in and stops the proposal.
You like, takes the ring from him.
He did.
I don't watch the video.
But I didn't see that pop up on my feet.
It was like, precious thing I've ever heard.
Why?
Yeah.
Do you know why?
I don't know.
Maybe you have to pay extra to get engaged in Paris.
And I believe it.
I, fortunately, won't have to deal with that.
So just going to go to the park.
Go on.
You have a precious coaster.
I have a grand old time.
And also do some other Paris things.
Jeff is upset now.
So we don't have to talk about me anymore.
I'm just listening.
I'm trying to take a back seat.
I can't.
He fully disconnected from the car.
You're really good at it.
Yeah.
He.
Are you going to go to Francesca's the hot chocolate?
Haunt.
In Paris.
Did you just Google that?
Isn't that I thought?
I thought I know there's one that's like Angelique.
There's something.
I don't know.
That's what I'm in.
Yeah.
No.
There's one in New York.
So I probably won't.
I was in New York for four months.
Why do you tell me?
You never go to Manhattan.
Like rarely.
I've been to Manhattan.
Yeah.
Twice.
Ah.
No.
It's up by brand park.
I was there.
What?
Oh, God.
Buddy.
What else?
What do you mean?
What do you take a French lover?
Right?
Let's talk about that.
Okay.
Maria, how's your and Quissy?
It's her bad thing.
That.
I feel uncomfortable saying.
Plugs.
To make me sick.
That's why I didn't say it.
You said it.
Oh.
This is a meeting.
This is an entire meeting.
Yeah.
Where are you going to have to zoom in from fucking.
I'll be in my.
You have an IWC in a restart mail.
One on both wrist.
Plugs.
Yeah.
Back in.
Follow me on Twitter and Instagram.
And Blood or Box.
Stammery.
K-Lon.
Listen to.
Keep in it.
Well, with young Wayne.
New podcast.
Host by.
Low.
How are you?
Which is really exciting.
Super funny.
I'm also a new to the network.
But not new podcast.
Too scary to not watch.
It's podcast.
Where people talk about scary movies.
And if you don't like them.
Like I don't like them.
You can just listen to other people talk about them.
Which is good.
Uh.
It's all I got.
Wise.
Uh.
You can follow me on.
Instagram or Twitter at.
Great KY's.
And it's too late.
But just don't watch this podcast.
Don't turn this off.
Yeah.
Turn it off right before Brad's plug.
Build.
Uh.
Instagram.
I guess.
St. General.
You're playing the social media on the Instagram.
Yeah.
It's like the one thing everyone has.
They needed that.
Me specifically.
Uh.
Is Brad the human.
Yeah.
And uh.
Take care of your turtles.
Cause you never know.
What could happen.
That actually made me kind of emotional.
Um.
Brad has a Vespa.
My plug is that I want to get a Vespa.
But I have to take a motorcycle.
What's that?
Cause you can come.
Buy mine.
Yeah.
I.
To you.
Right.
But I have to get my motorcycle license in California.
I don't have one.
Yeah.
California is like the only state where you need a motorcycle license to have a
Moped.
You need one in Oregon too.
You're going to get a Moped.
Q downtown by 9.
I forgot about that.
I recently never forget because he had to work a full extra day to shoot the intro to the
video that we did in New York.
Um.
No.
I found this vintage fucking.
Vespa.
Grand Piaggio.
Piaggio.
Um.
Okay.
You just saved your money.
I think.
I'm not good at that.
I'm fully convinced.
I'm going to come into like.
I'm like.
I buy a wonderful.
Yeah.
And it.
You know what you might like.
A retirement account.
Yeah.
No.
How do you do that?
Well, you know, how you.
We're buying until like stocks and stuff.
Yeah.
Like in those same places.
Like what is it called?
Steamboat.
Nasty.
Robinhood.
Proud.
No.
I don't think Robinhood does it.
All right.
We'll do a whole finance episode next year.
Yeah.
But you don't ask me.
You'll be gone.
Yeah.
So you don't have to sit through that.
But namaste you three into all the listeners as well.
Um, at Jeffrey James and Instagram, at Jeff Boyardy on Twitter.
Almost a 10,000 followers.
So please tell your friends, uh, because I really need a win.
Uh, we'll see.
You need a win.
Holy shit.
I'm just saying.
The out the out of context Twitter has more followers than I do.
Fine.
Then my plug is to follow Marie Cat Marie K.
Yeah.
Um, and if she happens to be followed by somebody named Jeff,
also follow.
Because there's no limit.
Let's end this shit.
Uh, that's Dawes folks.
We'll see you guys again next week.
Thanks for listening.
Thanks for watching.
Uh, shout out.
Jill.
Byrieland.
Actually.
I was trying to think of the most random one.
And the show.
It is end.
Hahaha.
That was a hit dumb original.